INTRODUCTIONS
-----------------

1. -- Computational -- I am an electrical engineer nearing the end of my PhD degree. While the electrical engineering title covers many different areas of study, much of my experience has been in modeling and simulation of electromagnetic propagation, the analysis of data from RF systems, and the automation of RF measurement systems. I have always leaned into the software and data analysis side of electrical engineering because of how it can it can increase the efficiency of my research. I also enjoy the rapid failure and correction cycle when compared to that of hardware development. At the same time, I enjoy understanding the hardware and thinking about what exactly it is doing as I write software. 

1. -- Comms -- I am an electrical engineer nearing the end of my PhD degree. While the electrical engineering title covers many different areas of study, much of my experience has been in modeling and simulation of electromagnetic propagation, and the automation of RF measurement systems, and more recently, the L1/L2 measurements for anomaly detection in LTE systems. Other research has also included the simulation, evaluation, and development of channel estimators for 5G millimeter-wave systems in large scale phased arrays.

1. -- Embedded Extended -- I am an electrical engineer nearing the end of my PhD degree. While the electrical engineering title covers many different areas of study, much of my experience has been in modeling and simulation of electromagnetic propagation, the analysis of data from RF systems, and the automation of RF measurement systems. On my spare time I enjoy working on projects involving embedded systems. I have always leaned into the software and data analysis side of electrical engineering because of how it can it can increase the efficiency of my research. I also enjoy the rapid failure and correction cycle when compared to that of hardware development. At the same time, I enjoy understanding the hardware and thinking about what exactly it is doing as I write software. For this reason, embedded systems and high performance computing have always piqued my interest.

1. -- RF Hardware -- I am an electrical engineer nearing the end of my PhD degree. While the electrical engineering title covers many different areas of study, much of my experience has been in modeling and simulation of electromagnetic propagation, the analysis of data from RF systems, and the automation of RF measurement systems. Much of my research has involved the design and simulation of large scale phased arrays and their components (e.g. phase shifters, amplifiers, etc). This work has helped me gain an in depth understanding not only of how these systems work, but how changes in these systems effect overall performance.


BODY
-----------------


1. -- Computing/Embedded systems -- My previous experiences have provided me with programming knowledge on a wide array of systems with varying capabilities. My current job as a embedded systems developer has required me to learn multiple new programming languages and work with a variety of different host architectures. This includes integrating C and Rust to implement features to improve a telecommunications product to meet customer needs.

Other embedded systems experience comes from undergraduate courses and personal projects to simulation on supercomputers from my research in modeling and simulation. While these different types of applications may not seem related, each provides skills to better perform the other. For example, computing on embedded systems requires careful thought of what instructions are run with each line of code. While we don't have the same limitations on supercomputers, keeping these same principles in mind creates a more computationally efficient program which can save lots of time depending on the application. These experiences provide a well rounded background with the ability to better solve any problem that is given to me.


2. -- Data Analysis -- While working as a graduate student researcher at the national institute of standards and technology, I developed a measurement system and much of the corresponding data analysis for a virtual array based channel measurement system. This included aggregating thousands of measurements and combining them with methods similar to those used in synthetic aperture radar systems to provide information on wireless propagation over frequency, time, and spatial domains. By automating much of this data analysis, measuring the characteristics of wireless propagation channels was limited only by the measurement time itself and corresponding metrics were automatically generated.

3. -- DSP -- Many of my previous experience have projects require signal processing in some form. While building the NIST SAMURAI system, this involved applying synthetic aperture based algorithms to measured data to generate wireless propagation characteristics in frequency, time, and spatial domains. In personal projects, this has included the real-time parsing of electrocardiogram (ECG) data to detect heart rate, and different components of the cardiac cycle. Each of these different experiences has provided me with a wide knowledge base which I apply to any new problems that are thrown at me.

4. -- beamforming/mimo/comms -- I am experienced in beamforming algorithms using both measured and synthesized data from my development of the NIST SAMURAI system and the simulation of large scale phased arrays. While working on the SAMURAI system, beyond conventional beamforming direction finding algorithms such as MUSIC and expectation maximization algorithms were implemented and automated. This automation allowed metrics to be generated from measured data with minimal human interaction for a more efficient work environment. While my hands-on experience in MIMO is limited, it is something I understand the basics of and would love to work more hands on with. While I have learned a lot on my current project with LTE measurements and implementation of channel estimators, I still continue to learn more and more about modern communications standards and how each intricate part ties together to create a the systems we use every day.

5. -- SAR --
I am experienced in beamforming algorithms using both measured and synthesized data from my development of the NIST SAMURAI system and the simulation of large scale phased arrays. While working on the SAMURAI system, beyond conventional beamforming direction finding algorithms such as MUSIC and expectation maximization algorithms were implemented and automated. This automation allowed metrics to be generated from measured data with minimal human interaction for a more efficient work environment.


CONCLUSION
-----------------

I am always looking for opportunities to learn new things, thus the reason I am getting my PhD. This position sounds like a perfect opportunity to take some of my previous skills and help design a better system while learning about new techniques and tools along. While there are always new things to learn at a new job, I think I would be a great fit for this position because of my constant drive to apply my knowledge to new applications while simultaneously quickly learning about new subjects.

-- alternate (RF) -- I am always looking for new opportunities to improve myself and the projects on which I work. I am a great candidate for this position due to my previous experience in RF system design, measurement, and simulation along with my drive to quickly learn and adapt. 